"Oh, wow! Wow, wow, wow! So beautiful. So beautiful. We are going to make America great again. I want to thank everybody. I really have to begin by paying homage to my parents, Mary and Fred. They are looking down and saying this is something very special.

They love this country and they're very happy right now. So thank you to my parents. I want to thank my sister ...

My fantastic brother Robert, who is watching right now with Ann Marie, and I want to thank my brother, my late brother, Fred, what a fantastic guy. I learned so much from Fred. Taught me more than just about anybody. Just probably about even with my father, a fantastic guy. So I want to thank Fred. He's up there and he's looking down also.

"And we can go right down the line, but we have to start with Melania, what he she puts up with. She said right from the beginning, you know if you reason you're going to win, so Melania, thank you, honey. And Don and Vanessa. And Ivanka made several stops at the polling places. And Laura and Eric. And Corey, where is Corey? Does Corey have a ground game or what? Boy, do we have a ground game. Where's Corey? Corey? Corey Lewandowski. You know, we learned a lot about ground games and the entire staff. This is Hope; this is Hope. Nobody takes more phone calls in a day than Hope. Thank you, Hope, and Corey. The entire group, the entire staff. Incredible job. Get over here."

"Come here. What a guy. That's the man."

"So again, we have to thank the candidates because they really ran -- we have some very talented people. And to be victorious against some of these people, even if it's for one week, but believe me, it's going to be for many of weeks, okay? They really are terrific. A number of them called. I just wanted to thank them, but I wanted to congratulate the other candidates, okay?"

"Now that I got that over with, you know, it's always tough and then tomorrow boom, boom. But that's the way it is. And really, we have some real talent, real talent in the Republican Party and the RNC and (RNC Chair Reince (Priebus) — we want to thank everybody. Thank you very much. Well, I'll tell up ... what I'll tell you — you what, what do we really want to thank, right? We want to thank the people of New Hampshire, right? Do we love the people of New Hampshire?"

"You know, I said it and I said it a year ago, I said I'm going (to New Hampshire) and it's so beautiful and I love it so much and I love the people and I said, ‘I actually think they like me a lot,’ and then all of a sudden we started getting numbers in, and everyone said, ‘How come they like Trump so much?"

"But I have so many friends up here and they are special, special people. So, New Hampshire, I want to thank you. We love you. We're going to be back a lot. We're not going to forget you. You started it. Remember, you started it. You know, when I came out, I heard the end of Bernie as speech and some of the beginning. No, no, first of all — we have to congratulate him. We may not like it. I heard part of Bernie’s speech. He wants to give away our country, folks. We're not going to let it happen. I don't know where it's going with Bernie. We wish him a lot of luck. We're going to make America great again — we're going to did it the old fashioned way. We're going to beat China, Japan, beat Mexico at trade."

"We're going to beat all of these countries that are taking so much of our money away from us on a daily basis. It's not going to happen anymore. We have the greatest people in the world. We have political hacks negotiating our deals for billions and billions and billions of dollars. Not going to happen anymore. We're going to use the finest business people in the world. We are going to do something so good and so fast and so strong and the world is going to respect us again, believe me."

"We're going to -- do we love our country? Do we love our country? I think one of the things that really caught on — it's very important — self-funding my campaign. Everybody on both sides — and you know I was saying two weeks ago — I said, ‘I don't think people really appreciate it because I see all of this money being poured into commercials and it's not their money; it's special interest money.’ This is on both sides: the Democrat side, the Republican side. Money just pouring into commercials. These are special interests, folks. These are lobbyists. These are people that don't necessarily love our country. They don't have the best interests of our country at heart. We were not going to let it happen. We can't. We have to do something about it.

"When you see the kind of deals made in our country: They're made for their benefit. We have to stop it. For your benefit, we're going to make the deals for the American people. That's the way it is. … I love these signs. They're the most imaginative signs."

"We're going to make great deals. We're going to rebuild our military. Nobody -- nobody is going to mess with us. Believe me, nobody. We are going to take care of our vets! Where is Al? Where is Al? We love Al! All right, Al? Get up here if you can. We're going to take care of our vets. Our vets are treated horribly. They're our greatest people. Our vets are going to be taken care of and you remember that, everybody. Right?"

"We're going to have strong, incredible borders and people are going to come into our country, but they're going to come in legally. Legally. We're going to build a wall. It's going to be built. It's not even — believe it or not — it's not even a difficult thing to do. And, by the way, for the people of New Hampshire where you have a tremendous problem with heroin and drugs, the first thing they mention, ‘please do something because there's so much of it; it's so cheap.’ We're going to end it. We're going to end it at the southern border. It's going to be over.

"And we're going to work really hard to get those people that are so addicted off the habit. We're going to work like hell to take care of the situation. It's a huge problem in New Hampshire. It's a huge problem all over our country. We're going to have borders given and we're going to work with you people to help you solve that very big problem and we'll get it done."

"That's so beautiful. What a group of people. And on top of this group, we have thousands of people outside that can't even get in. That's when we have, thousands of people. Health care. We're going to repeal and replace Obama care. It is a total disaster. We're repealing and replacing ObamaCare. It's gone.

"We're getting rid of Common Core. We're going to education our children locally. We educate our children locally. We are going to preserve our very sacred second amendment. There's not going to be any more chipping away at our Second Amendment. If we had protection in California recently and so many other place, you could even look to Paris. Paris has the toughest gun laws in the world. France has the toughest gun laws in the world. These animals go in, they start shooting, one, two, three, 130 people with many people horribly wounded, horribly wounded right now in the hospital. If there were bullets going in the other direction, believe me, it would have been a whole different story, folks. But nobody had protection. I am going to be the greatest jobs president that god ever created. Remember that. Don't believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 percent and 5 percent unemployment. The number's probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent. Do you have think -- if we had 5 percent unemployment, do you really think weed have these gatherings?"

"Forgetting about security, forgetting about ISIS, which, by the way we're going to knock the hell out of ISIS. We're going to knock the hell out of them. And it's going to be done the right way. So we're going to take care of the economy. We're going to take care of jobs, we're going to take care of all of ... Things that I said, our border, health care. It's going to be so great. Remember this about Obamacare … People are forgetting but now they're miserable because it's going up 45 percent, 35 percent, 55 percent. It's totally out of control. Probably sinking of its own volition in 2017, unless the Republicans give it another -- I mean, what's going on? What's going on? The budget. The last budget that was approved is an absolute disaster for everybody in this country. We owe $19 trillion as of today. We just crossed the $19 trillion mark. We're going to very shortly be at $21 trillion because of the budget."

"We are going to make our country so strong. We are going to start winning again. As a country we don't win on trade; we don't win with the military, we can't beat ISIS. We don't win with anything. We are going to start winning again and we're going to win so much, you are going to be so happy, we are going to make America so great again, maybe greater than ever before. I love you all. Thank you New Hampshire! Thank you, thank you, New Hampshire. Thank you.

"We are going now to South Carolina! We're going to win in South Carolina. I love you all. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much."

